Now we have covered quite some ground here in this section.
We have encountered the resource acquisition as initialization idiom which is
a very useful concept for managing all kinds of resources, not only memory.
Then we have looked at unique pointers which are
the default smart pointer you should think of using first.
It gives you exclusive ownership of a resource.
If you want to allow multiple owners then
the shared pointer might be a better choice for you.
This one keeps track of the number of owners which share a resource,
and then decide when to deallocate it.
The problem with this pointer type is that there
might be something called reference cycles,
in the case of mutual includes between let's say
two shared pointers who exclude each other mutually.
Now, the weak pointer helps to break such a cycle and it is
the third smart pointer type which we encounter in C++.
Now, the interesting thing is that we can use
smart pointers almost as if we had regular raw pointers in our code.
We can even extract the raw resource pointer from a smart pointer although,
this is discouraged in many examples,
and it has to be done with great care.
In the next section,
we will look at how to pass a smart pointer
between scopes let's say from Main to Function.
See you soon in the last section before
the final project where smart pointers will play an important role.